# A bit about me
I work as a plaintiff's trial attorney in New Mexico. I went to law school in Colorado but decided I wanted to practice in New Mexico because I like it here. I spent my time at law school competing in and coaching teams for mock trial tournaments; to me, there is no greater sport.

I worked for the Raul Torrez administration as an Assistant Attorney General in Consumer Protection. I loved the work and the lawyers I with whom I worked and from whom I learned. I took advantage of the opportunity to learn from the best lawyers in the country on massive multi-district litigations and I also investigated state businesses accused of wronging the citizens. I learned the legislative process and how difficult it is to fend off legislation backed by industry groups that would harm consumers. I loved working for the state but missed working with clients so I passed on my parens patriea duty to the next AAG and moved into private practice with Make Right Law.

I work with my dad at a specialized litigation firm and focus on New Mexico. I work with clients harmed by fires in both New Mexico and Texas. I work with clients harmed by trucks on the interstate and trucks on local roads and trucks in parking lots. 

Before I was a lawyer I was a musician. A classical guitarist who worked in marketing and development at an opera festival in the rolling hills of Rappahannock County Virginia. I taught English abroad and guided tourists down rivers in Montana. I even worked as a land man . Then, I went to law school.

Large Language Models and Artificial Intelligence research fascinates me. The emergent abilities and incomprehensible complexity of the mathematics involved are awe inspiring. I'm determined to understand this new explosion in technology because it is awe inspiring and makes me apprehensive. I'm prone to thinking endless thoughts about the nature of intelligence and the future of human societal structure. I spend time researching ways to incorporate AI tools into my practice and using those tools to perform research to answer my own questions. I think about the ethics involved. I share what I learn and encourage others to do the same.